docs: add Woodpecker CI integrations example (#2823)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/integrations/woodpecker-ci.md

# Woodpecker CI

This is a simple example configuration `.woodpecker/trivy.yml` that shows how you could get started:

```yml
pipeline:
  securitycheck:
    image: aquasec/trivy:latest
    commands:
      - trivy fs --exit-code 0 --skip-dirs web/ --skip-dirs docs/ --severity UNKNOWN,LOW .

>       - trivy fs --exit-code 1 --skip-dirs web/ --skip-dirs docs/ --severity MEDIUM,HIGH,CRITICAL .

Reviewer: Is there a reason that these commands have to be so "comprehensive"? I would like to just have a simple example and then mention below that the command can be replaced with any trivy command. What do you think?

Author: well what about delete L10 and add a comment about `# use any trivy command, if exit code is 0 woodpecker marks it as passed, else it assumes it failed` ?

# Woodpecker CI

This is a simple example configuration `.woodpecker/trivy.yml` that shows how you could get started:

```yml
pipeline:
  securitycheck:

>     group: test

Author: ```suggestion
```
group not needed for single step pipeline ...

Author: ... and make it simpler too

    image: aquasec/trivy:latest
    commands:
      - trivy fs --exit-code 0 --skip-dirs web/ --skip-dirs docs/ --severity UNKNOWN,LOW .
      - trivy fs --exit-code 1 --skip-dirs web/ --skip-dirs docs/ --severity MEDIUM,HIGH,CRITICAL .
```

> Woodpecker does use trivy itsleve so you can see an [Example][example] run at it's [Repository][repository] and how it was [added](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/pull/1163).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Woodpecker does use Trivy itself so you can see an [Example][example] run at its [Repository][repository] and how it was [added](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/pull/1163).
```
